README.md, before:

# **:musical_note: Score**

An app to find and get together all of your favourite Deezer' songs.

## :bulb: Objective

This application was build to be a place where you can search for specific songs, see the top listeneds and favorite them.

## :heavy_check_mark: Features

### :computer: Web

- Search of songs

- Favorite list

- Play a short demo

## :art: Layout

<h1 align="center">
    <img alt="Layout" title="#Layout" src="./assets/layout.png" />
</h1>

## **:wrench: Technologies**

### :computer: Website

- [Next][next]
- [Redux][redux]
- [Styled-Components][styled]

## :books: How to use

:computer: **Website**

```sh

# Start the website


$ npm run dev

or

$ yarn dev



# The app will be running on port 3000

```

## :open_book: How to contribute

1. Make a **fork**.

2. Make a new branch with your changes: `git checkout -b my-feature`

3. Save your changes and make a commit with a cool message: `git commit -m "feat: My new feature"`

4. Send your changes: `git push origin my-feature`

> If a question persists, see [how to contribute in GitHub](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions)

## :memo: License

This project is under the **MIT License**. See [LICENSE][license] to know more.

---

<h4  align="center">

Made with ❤️ by <a  href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/rikelme-griep-b265a51ab"  target="_blank">Rikelme Griep</a>

</h4>

[license]: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[next]: https://nextjs.org/
[redux]: https://redux.js.org/
[styled]: https://styled-components.com/

Commit message:

add demo link to README

README.md, after:

# **:musical_note: Score**

An app to find and get together all of your favourite Deezer' songs. [Access the demo.][demo]

## :bulb: Objective

This application was build to be a place where you can search for specific songs, see the top listeneds and favorite them.

## :heavy_check_mark: Features

### :computer: Web

- Search of songs

- Favorite list

- Play a short demo

## :art: Layout

<h1 align="center">
    <img alt="Layout" title="#Layout" src="./assets/layout.png" />
</h1>

## **:wrench: Technologies**

### :computer: Website

- [Next][next]
- [Redux][redux]
- [Styled-Components][styled]

## :books: How to use

:computer: **Website**

```sh

# Start the website


$ npm run dev

or

$ yarn dev



# The app will be running on port 3000

```

## :open_book: How to contribute

1. Make a **fork**.

2. Make a new branch with your changes: `git checkout -b my-feature`

3. Save your changes and make a commit with a cool message: `git commit -m "feat: My new feature"`

4. Send your changes: `git push origin my-feature`

> If a question persists, see [how to contribute in GitHub](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions)

## :memo: License

This project is under the **MIT License**. See [LICENSE][license] to know more.

---

<h4  align="center">

Made with ❤️ by <a  href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/rikelme-griep-b265a51ab"  target="_blank">Rikelme Griep</a>

</h4>

[license]: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
[next]: https://nextjs.org/
[redux]: https://redux.js.org/
[styled]: https://styled-components.com/
[demo]: https://score-tan.vercel.app/
